feat!: support for multiple Jira instances to route findings to different Jira projects based on AWS account IDs (#81)
schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-securityhub-findings-manager: README.md

* Auto-closing can be activated with `jira_integration.autoclose_enabled` (default = false). Using the issue number in the finding note, the function transitions issues using `jira_integration.autoclose_transition_name` and `jira_integration.autoclose_comment`. Autoclose settings apply globally to all Jira instances.
* **Intermediate Transition**: Optionally specify `jira_integration.instances.<name>.include_intermediate_transition` to transition the ticket through an intermediate status before closing it. This is useful for Jira workflows that require tickets to pass through specific statuses (e.g., "Review", "In Progress") before reaching the final closed state. If not specified, tickets are closed directly using `autoclose_transition_name`. This setting is per-instance.
* Criteria for being forwarded for automatic ticket closure are:
  * Workflow Status "RESOLVED"
  * Workflow Status "NOTIFIED" and one of:
    * Record State "ARCHIVED"
    * Compliance State "PASSED" or "NOT_AVAILABLE"

> Only findings with a normalized severity level above the threshold (default `70`) initiate Jira integration. This threshold applies globally to all Jira instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only findings with a normalized severity level above the threshold (default `70`) initiate Jira integration. This threshold applies to all Jira instance configurations.
```
